- oh, hey.
- oh, hey, tori.
- how's it going?
- what's up?
- well, after school
I was thinking we should all
Go hang out at the grove.
You wanna-wanna?
- uhh.
- oooh.
- we really can't.
- how come?
- well, uh,
We have ping pong practice.
- uh-huh.
- shut up.
- it's true.
- yeah.
We're all on the ping pong team.
- me, andre, Robbie,
Beck and jade.
- there's no ping pong team
At Hollywood arts.
- aahh.
Listen, tori, um,
You're still kinda new here
And there's some things
That you just don't under--
What kind of gum
Are you chewing?
- I don't know. Sinjin made it.
- smell her mouth.
- sure.
Hmm, smells like that trip
We took to acapulco last year.
- yes.
- oh, you have
Mexican-flavored gum?
- mexican is not a flavor!
- thank you.
- look, if you guys
Don't wanna hang out with me,
Then just say so.
Why make up a lie
That you're all
On some ping pong team?
- hey, tori.
- how's it going?
- what's up?
- okay, so now
You're gonna pretend
Like we're not having
The conversation we're having.
- about what?
- the big ping pong team lie.
- look, if you don't believe us
Then go the rec room.
- you can see all the trophies
We've won.
- first place.
- really?
- yeah.
- please.
- okay. Then I wanna try out
For the team.
- ahh--
- what?
- look, if you wanna try out
For the ping pong team,
Then you have to talk
To the team Captain.
- fine. Who's the team Captain?
- jade.
- ulch.
- or you can join my team.
I call it Rex's all hot chick
Volleyball squad.
Yeah. No.
- tori!
- just get it off my nose.
Snatch it off.
- ooh.
- aw, man,
It's the stretchy kind.
♪ here I am, once again ♪
♪ feeling lost ♪
♪ but now and then ♪
♪ I breath it in ♪
♪ to let it go ♪
♪ and you don't know ♪
♪ where you are now ♪
♪ or what it will come to ♪
♪ if only somebody could hear ♪
♪ when you figure out how ♪
♪ you're lost in the moment ♪
♪ you disappear ♪
♪ you don't have to be afraid ♪
♪ to put your dream in action ♪
♪ you're never gonna fade ♪
♪ you'll be ♪
♪ the main attraction ♪
♪ not a fantasy ♪
♪ just remember me ♪
♪ when it turns our right ♪
♪ 'cause you know ♪
♪ that if you live ♪
♪ in your imagination ♪
♪ tomorrow you'll be ♪
♪ everybody's fascination ♪
♪ in my victory ♪
♪ just remember me ♪
♪ when I make it shine ♪
- jade. Jade. Jade.
I'm not going away.
And you can't just say no.
- no. No. No. No. No. No. No.
- all right, well, you can.
Lane, can you come here please?
Don't move.
- I'm staying here
Because I wanna stay here.
- what's up?
- jade is the Captain
Of the ping pong team
And I wanna try out
And she says I can't.
- yup, that's what I says.
- oh, come on.
Why do you all have to drag me
Into your problems?
- uh, you're the guidance
Counselor here.
Can we have some guidance?
- all right.
I've already got it loaded
In here.
- okay, what?
- see, look what it says
On the offial
Hollywood arts website.
- my life is slipping away.
- read it.
- all students
Are encouraged to participate
In school sanctioned events,
Clubs and sports teams.
- and how can I participate
In ping pong
If the team Captain here
Refuses to even let me try out?
- you gotta let her try out.
- we don't need more players.
- read the phone, jade.
Read the phone.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- oh! Oh!
- well?
- you didn't make the team.
- what? I beat everybody.
- I don't care.
Read the school website.
- when a student tries out
For a sports team
For which there is no coach,
The team Captain shall decide
If the student is granted
Or denied acceptance
To the team.
- Captain says denied.
- but you can't--
You can't just...
- read the phone, tori.
Read the phone.
- don't you steal
My phone-in-face bit.
Hello, sinjin.
- oh, my God.
This is exactly how I dreamed
It would happen.
- listen. I need you
To do something for me
And you can't tell anyone.
- I understand.
- good.
Now, what I need you to do is--
Sinjin!
- don't talk. You'll ruin it.
- this isn't about kissing.
- and that's how the dream
Always ends.
- dude, you know
All those cool props
And scenery pieces you made
For the play Beck was in
Last month?
- yeah.
- I need you to build
Something for me.
- like what?
- something big enough
For me to hide in and spy
On the ping pong team
During their next practice
Because I swear,
There's something wonky
Going on with those guys
And I'm gonna get
To the bottom of the wonk!
- do you know
What you sprayed me with
'cause I'm starting to lose
Vision in my right eye?
- here's a rag.
- so will you build me
Something I can put
In the rec room and hide in?
- sure.
- yay! Thanks, sinjin.
- here comes that feeling.
- I heard that.
- here we go.
- yeah.
- oh, my God.
- man, this is the best
Ping pong practice ever.
- I love this game.
- wait. Wait, wait.
Don't lean on me.
- oh. That was a foul.
- you're foul.
- oh. That tickles.
- okay. Let's start over.
- all right.
- okay, okay.
Wait. Let me get a drink first.
- yeah, me too.
- ah.
- what's wrong?
- I think I pulled a muscle.
- you can't pull
What you don't have.
- what up with this machine?
It ate my dollar.
- all right.
Let the doctor handle this.
- go doc.
- guys, guys, try rocking it.
- all right.
- whoa.
Did that machine just scream
Like a teenage girl?
- all right.
Who put me in the soda machine?
- I got it. I got it. Buzz off!
- why were you hiding in there
Spying on us?
- 'cause I had a feeling
You guys' ping pong team
Was just a big fake
And I was right.
You weren't practicing
Ping pong.
You were playing
Retro party games.
So what is up?
- let's just tell her.
- no.
- yes.
- I think we should tell her.
- why don't we just drive her
Out to the desert
And drop her off?
- Rex!
- she knows too much.
- tell her.
- there's no real
Ping pong team.
- then what's this all about?
- well, it all started
Two years ago when the school
Put that ping pong table
In this room.
We just walked in,
And there it was.
Then Robbie suggested
That we form
An official ping pong team
Here at Hollywood arts
To compete
Against other schools.
- so I slapped Robbie hard
On top of his head.
- it really hurt.
It really hurt.
- I heard that. So?
- so a few days later,
Me, andre, jade and Robbie
Were hangin' out.
- when cat walked up.
- she was all pumped up
About some fancy restaurant
Her parents took her
To the weekend before.
- they had amazing steaks
And crab cakes
And lobster mashed potatoes
And classy live music,
And the most insane desserts
I had ever tasted.
- which all sounded
Pretty good to us.
- so I said,
"well, we gotta go there."
- and I told Robbie
There was no way
We could go there
'cause it's really expensive.
- where is this story going?
- it actually gets weirder.
- you see, when cat told us
That the restaurant
Was too expensive...
- I remembered something
Beck had told me
About all the sports teams
At Hollywood arts
Getting a minimum of $1,500
To pay for travel and equipment.
And that's when I got the idea.
- well, what was the idea?
- oh, right,
I was telling a story.
I said, "maybe we should form
"a fake ping pong team,
"take the 1,500 bucks
"and use the money for all of us
"to have a fancy dinner
"at the restaurant
Cat told us about."
- at first, we thought
Jade's idea was crazy.
- but after we exchanged
Some looks...
- we started to think
It might be a pretty cool idea.
- but then Robbie said, "wait."
- I reminded everyone
That all sports teams
Are required to have
At least one faculty advisor.
- so we went to
The only teacher we could trust.
- sikowitz.
- but he told us our plan
Was way too devious and illegal.
- but then he said,
"hey, did you hear
"that principal eikner
Might get fired?"
- help me.
- see, the principal's boss...
- the superintendent.
- ...Was mad 'cause
Hollywood arts didn't have
Any winning sports teams.
- and he told principal eikner,
"at least one team
"better bring home
"a trophy this year
Or else you're fired."
- so I said to sikowitz,
What if the five of us...
Six.
Six of us, pretend to go
To a ping pong tournament...
- take the 1,500 bucks
The school gives us...
- use 400 of it to buy
A nice trophy for the school...
- which would keep
Principal eikner
From getting fired...
- and then use
The rest of our money
To take our favorite teacher
To the restaurant
Cat told us about...
- and have the most amazing
Dinner of our lives.
- and then,
Sikowitz was on board.
- so you guys formed
A fake ping pong team
So you could get some money,
Buy a trophy for the school,
Save the principal's job
And take sikowitz out
For a big, fancy dinner?
- yeah, I guess we could
Have just told it that way.
- so, are you gonna bust us now
And ruin everything?
- no. If...
- if what?
- and I'm very proud
To announce the newest member
Of the Hollywood arts
Ping pong team,
Tori "the paddlepus" vega.
Now, wish us all luck
And hopefully we'll bring home
Yet another first place trophy
For Hollywood arts.
- yeah!
- all team members in my van.
Thank you. Thank you.
- hey, look at that.
Shag carpeting.
- oh, my God.
- oh.
- oh my God, best food ever.
- right?
- so good.
- to ping pong.
- to the pong to the ping.
- aw, shut up.
- I can't believe
What she's wearing.
- yes, I'm wearing
A ping pong uniform.
- how could you not think
To bring a fancy dress?
- I don't know.
I just didn't, okay?
- you said you reminded
Everyone to bring nice clothes.
- I did.
- you didn't remind me.
- whoops.
- how's everyone doing?
- oh.
- it's so good.
- it's amazing.
- good. Good, good.
- oh, wait, ma'am.
- yes?
- what is this awesome dip?
- that's caviar.
- it's fantastic.
Can I get a big bowl of it?
- a big bowl?
- yeah. Like a bowl for soup,
But filled with
This caviar stuff?
- ah, sure.
I'll bring that right
To your table.
- you're very kind.
- is everyone happy tonight?
- oh, wonderful.
- how is your drink, sir?
- very moist. Thank you.
- two more people
Are complaining
There's no live music.
- so offer them a free dessert.
- I did. They're still upset.
- excuse me.
- here you are.
- oh, thank you, dear.
- are you sure?
- yes. They can't grow
Lobster-flavored potatoes.
- uh. Uhhh--
Uh, it's so good,
But I'm so full.
- come on, man up. Here we go.
Oh, there it is. There it is.
That's nice, isn't it? Just...
- thank you.
- breathe through it.
- you're a good friend.
- okay.
What if, like, a farmer planted
A lobster and a potato
In the same hole?
Maybe it would grow a lobtato.
- yes, cat.
A lobtato would grow.
I'll tell the farmers.
- here's your check.
- thank you.
- what the hair bones?
- what?
- it's $1,300.
- it's never been over 700.
- way to go, tori.
- I ordered the same thing
You did.
- wait, wait,
I see the problem.
They mistakenly charged us
An extra $600 for caviar.
- oh.
- excuse me, sir?
- hi. Is anything wrong?
- yes.
We were mistakenly charged
For $600 worth of caviar.
- oh, that's not a mistake.
That awkward young man
Ordered a large bowl of caviar.
- man, what were you thinking?
- I didn't order any caviar.
- Robbie.
- I didn't know
It was that expensive.
- what are you talking about?
- all right, all right,
All right! Hush.
Robbie can't help what he is.
Nevertheless, we don't have
Enough money to pay the check.
- well, sir, I'm sorry,
But payment is required,
Or I'm going to have
To call the police.
- the police?
- oh, no.
- I'm sorry.
- jail?
- I am not going to jail.
- Claude. Claude.
- yes, Mr. Conrad?
- where is the live music?
- well...
- I thought Perry and Jordan
Were performing.
- there was a golfing accident.
Perry took a ball to the head.
- and you didn't book
Another music act?
- I didn't find out until 4:30.
- people come here
For classy, live music.
Do you know how many customers
Are complaining?
- sir, I didn't have the time--
- uh, guys, guys,
I think I may be able to fix
Both our problems here.
Give me your dress.
- what?
- give me your dress.
- this one?
♪ ah, ah, oh ♪
♪ yeah, yeah ♪
♪ the situation turned around ♪
♪ enough to figure out ♪
♪ that someone else has let you down ♪
♪ so many times ♪
♪ I don't know why ♪
♪ but I know we can make it ♪
♪ as long as you say it ♪
♪ so tell me that you love me, ♪
♪ yeah ♪
♪ and tell me that I take your breath away ♪
♪ and maybe if you take one more ♪
♪ then I would know for sure ♪
♪ there's nothing left to say ♪
♪ tell me that you love me anyway ♪
>> Whoo!
>> Owww!
♪ So tell me that you love me anyway ♪
♪ whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ waking up beside yourself ♪
♪ and what you feel inside ♪
♪ is being shared with someone else ♪
♪ nowhere to hide I don't know why ♪
♪ but I know we can make it ♪
♪ as long as you say it ♪
♪ so tell me that you love me, ♪
♪ yeah ♪
♪ and tell me that I take your breath away ♪
♪ and maybe if you take one more ♪
♪ then I would know for sure ♪
♪ there's nothing left to say ♪
♪ tell me that you love me anyway ♪
♪ show me look what we found ♪
♪ it's turning around every day ♪
♪ I can hear what you say ♪
♪ now I know why ♪
♪ I know we can make it ♪
♪ if you tell me that you love me, yeah ♪
♪ and tell me that I take your breath away ♪
♪ and maybe if you take one more ♪
♪ so tell me that you love me ♪
♪ yeah ♪
♪ and tell me that I take your breath away ♪
♪ and maybe if you take one more ♪
♪ then I would know for sure ♪
♪ there's nothing left to say ♪
♪ but tell me that you love me anyway ♪
Sync by Hana.Bean
www.Itfriend.ORG
www.Addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org